you
so here with made for masseuse we have a
bunch of tablets going on here go ahead
man tiny to enjoy our template are we
launching yes you can see it is slidable
pattern so y equals slider because you
have two people and when you slide just
like into graphic design a USB port and
also the microsd and also need an hdmi
and cigars laughs then you want to use
the keyboard just put it up
very simple very sorry
let me show you the user interface we
call it my web inspector enjoy all the
professional development of my shoes
that showing the one to provide the
stiffness user interface and forces
different analysis this is like
wallpaper and then water show it
indicated this is the battery oh what a
paltry sensor okay let me show you
another battery and so what you want
might you have the low battery so you
can just started showing the bubble
you're charging on
in our bassist Mike Lee tae Vee well
show the photo effects light show in
computer play and the website the music
player actually allow you to play the
lotto contain very easily as call my
building
you can also buy the project on the web
store and you also cannot load a beauty
to the web storage and the digital music
our street me outside you then you tend
only to sample everything inside and the
web share is concept that you can go on
share the contents are you home to be
honest sorry can continue to fuel our
bedroom of nobles or the TV fujiyama
sheriff ilton together and we also have
the memory
also by the county founder stop I
actually us we were below the Kings oh
so we can stumble the folks panic in my
gallery
I get y'all default oh yeah is very
responsive so what's the OS I'm sorry
running underneath that's honeycomb onto
is Connie come by the current
demonstration is based on enjoy Pocoyo
okay also you it's really nice yeah they
just see full HD video showing how the
Popo but they are to be hdmi you cannot
and we also pull off some obscure
counted let me show how fast it
that's our
pretzels
right well
my video